No like I said we're gonna start with our hero element.
And as far as hero element is concerned we're gonna have some background here.
There's gonna be also a linear gradient or background image.
Then they're going to be some banner text in the center as well as the button.
Now it'll also like to point out that on a smaller screen I wouldn't want to force this massive image.
So that's the reason why we're gonna have only extra small screen and small screen.
In fact just a primary color background.
All right.
Now let's start working on it.
First things first we're gonna have to set up our indexation.
Now the way it's going to work is I'm gonna delete right now right away the font awesome as well as
this heading one.
That's number one.
Then let's set up some comments again.
Just so it is easier for us to navigate later on.
We have the header and let's write and off better now within these comments.
I'm going to start by creating a header element and I'm also gonna give it the right away.
A I D often like so then within the header there's going to be Nambour later on.
But we're not going to work on it right now.
So no.
And we can right away maybe add a nav tax as well.
It's really up to you.
And then right after the NAV tags we're gonna have our hero component hero opponent and then as far
as hero component is concerned it is going to be a div with a class of hero land within this particular
div.
There's going to be one more dev on this.
Dev is there for the centering.
So since we are going to have three children within dev but if I would like to place that div within
the centre.
Well I'm gonna set it up as one child.
OK so we have the hero and then within the hero there's gonna be one more dev with a class of here no
banner.
And again the reason for the existence of this dev is because we're gonna use it for centering.
OK.
And then let's add within that day we're having one with a class of hero title hero title.
And then let's write continue exploring.
Like so as far as the heading One.
And then within the paragraph let's write paragraph.
Let's also write all the way the class of hero text.
Now let's maybe add another not 12 words or something like that and then we're gonna create our button
now our button is also gonna be a link.
So right after the paragraph I'm gonna create a link.
Now the draft is going to be hashtag towards so later on we're going to create a div or section with
an idea of doors.
And you know what I believe in fact it's not gonna be tours it's gonna be featured.
And then as far as styling for the link Well we're gonna have the class BD n and Beatty and white Beatty
and white.
And as a side note the beat and white is going to be in fact our global styles because there's also
gonna be a not only beat in white so button white but we're also gonna have the primary button.
So there's gonna be some styles that both of them share.
But let's say for example color is gonna be separate for each of the buttons.
So we're gonna have some global styling for the button white as well as for the button primary.
And let's write some text explore talks and yep we do have our link.
However we haven't added any styling yet so this is exactly what we're gonna do next.